Assignment07.md, before:

1) Project Name:
    Companies Financial Stock Performance charts
2) An elevator pitch
  Financial companies and individual investors like to check the daily, weekly, monthly, year-to-date, annually, etc performance of their selected stocks to make decision about which stocks they should buy, which ones they should hold and which ones they should sell. This project will enable the user to put a selection of his/her stocks in firebase database and allow them to see the daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly performance of their stocks when they login in to the website.
3)
4) List of dependencies:
  a) react,
  b) npm
  b) google chart to display stock permforance database
  c) API for companies stock data,
  d)  firebase database to hold user stocks,
5) List of tasks that need to be completed:
  a) create-react-app,
  b) create google chart to display stock permforance database
  c) create components to fetch stock  data from API,
  d) create firebase database to hold user stocks,
  e) Create input box to allow users to add/remove companies to/from their list
  e) deploy the firebase database,
  f) deploy the Website_wireframe
6) Plan for the next weeks
  a) week1: create all the components
  b) week2: 1) create the google charts, 2) create the firebase database and make sure it works
  c) week3: deploy firebase database, and deploy website

Commit message:

modified the wording of the list of tasks and dependencies.

Assignment07.md, after:

1) Project Name:
    Companies Financial Stock Performance charts
2) An elevator pitch
  Financial companies and individual investors like to check the daily, weekly, monthly, year-to-date, annually, etc performance of their selected stocks to make decision about which stocks they should buy, which ones they should hold and which ones they should sell. This project will enable the user to put a selection of his/her stocks in firebase database and allow them to see the daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly performance of their stocks when they login in to the website.
3)
4) List of dependencies:
  a) react,
  b) npm
  b) google chart to display stock permforance database
  c) API for companies stock data,
  d)  firebase database to hold user list of companies,
5) List of tasks that need to be completed:
  a) create-react-app,
  b) create google chart to display stock permforance database
  c) create components to fetch stock  data from API,
  d) create firebase database to hold user list of companies,
  e) Create input box to allow users to add/remove companies to/from their list
  e) deploy the firebase database,
  f) deploy the Website_wireframe
6) Plan for the next weeks
  a) week1: create all the components
  b) week2: 1) create the google charts, 2) create the firebase database and make sure it works
  c) week3: deploy firebase database, and deploy website
